Columbia University officials facing
mounting criticism from all sides over
its handling of student
demonstrators prominent Republican
politicians after meeting with some
Jewish students on campus called on the
University President to resign as
Colombia has allowed these Lawless
agitators and radicals to take over the
virus of anti-Semitism is spread across
other campuses by some counts as many as
200 universities have a similar form of
protest right now students who faced
arrest and suspension say they're the
ones who need protection many are afraid
to show their face there's there's
definitely a fear of you know being
attacked and and the risk of like losing
career opportunities and stuff which is
really a shame that people willing to
you know advocate for human rights are
smeared in such a way nevertheless they
are vowing to continue their
encampment student organizers say they
have three demands for the University
number one disclose their investments in
Israel number two divest from them and
number three provide amnesty for
students who've been suspended they say
they won't leave the grounds until that
happens many have compared their actions
to what happened on campus in
1968 when Colombia students held Sittin
to demand an end to the University's
connection to the Vietnam War and were
arrested sparking Nationwide
demonstrations credited with the US's
eventual withdrawal from from the war
and the students do have the support of
many Jewish students and faculty I do
not feel that this project is
anti-Semitic in any way I do feel that
the students are highly critical of
Israeli politics and I do not believe
that that is inherently anti-semitic at
all and I do not feel threatened as a
Jewish faculty member in any way by
what's happening here on this campus
except by the arrest of many of our
students the university has warned
students to take down their encampment
by Friday morning or face unspecified
consequences K Christen salumi Al jazer
New
York make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer